feat(gateway): OIDC multi-idp reference and guide for extra_jwks_urls (#5550)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/prereqs/auth/oidc/keycloak-multi-idp.md

    ```sh
    docker run -p 127.0.0.1:8080:8080 \
      --name keycloak \
      --network kong-quickstart-net \
      -e KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_USERNAME=admin \
      -e KC_BOOTSTRAP_ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin \
      -e KC_HOSTNAME=http://localhost:8080 \
      quay.io/keycloak/keycloak start-dev
    ```

    The parameter `KC_HOSTNAME=http://localhost:8080` ensures Keycloak always uses `localhost:8080` as its token issuer regardless of which URL it's accessed through.
    This is required because {{site.base_gateway}} runs inside Docker and accesses Keycloak via the container name `keycloak:8080`, but the `iss` claim in issued tokens must use `localhost:8080` for the plugin to recognize them.

1. Export your environment variables. For example, using Docker and the `master` and `realm-b` realms:

   ```sh
   export DECK_REALM_A_ISSUER='http://localhost:8080/realms/master'
   export DECK_REALM_B_ISSUER='http://localhost:8080/realms/realm-b'
   export DECK_REALM_A_JWKS='http://keycloak:8080/realms/master/protocol/openid-connect/certs'
   export DECK_REALM_B_JWKS='http://keycloak:8080/realms/realm-b/protocol/openid-connect/certs'
   export KEYCLOAK_HOST='localhost'
   ```

>    Because we're using Docker for this demo, we have to configure a few networking parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Because we're using Docker for this demo, we must configure a few networking parameters:
```

   * `DECK_REALM_A_JWKS` and `DECK_REALM_B_JWKS` use the container name `keycloak` because {{site.base_gateway}} runs inside Docker and reaches Keycloak over the shared `kong-quickstart-net` network.

   In your own setup, especially running outside of a container, you may not need `DECK_REALM_A_JWKS` and `DECK_REALM_B_JWKS`.

1. Open the Keycloak admin console.

    The default URL is `http://localhost:8080/admin/master/console/`.

1. Log in with the credentials you defined when you launched Keycloak.
For this example, the credentials are username `admin` and password `admin`.

#### Configure the first IdP

The `master` realm acts as the first identity provider.
Create a client for `realm-a`:

1. In the sidebar, open **Clients**, then click **Create client**.
1. Configure the client:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Section
    key: section
  - title: Settings
    key: settings
rows:
  - section: "**General settings**"
    settings: |
      * Client type: **OpenID Connect**
      * Client ID: `client-a`
  - section: "**Capability config**"
    settings: |
      * Toggle **Client authentication** to **on**

>       * Make sure that **Service accounts roles** is checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Select the **Service accounts roles** checkbox.
```

{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->

Find the credentials for `client-a`:

1. In the sidebar, open **Clients**, and select `client-a`.

> 1. Open the **Credentials** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Credentials** tab.
```

1. Set **Client Authenticator** to **Client ID and Secret**.
1. Copy the **Client Secret**.
1. Export the client secret to an environment variable:

   ```sh
   export DECK_CLIENT_A_SECRET='YOUR-CLIENT-SECRET'
   ```

#### Configure the second IdP

Create a second Keycloak realm to simulate a second identity provider:

1. In the sidebar click **Manage realms**.
1. Click **Create realm**.
1. Set **Realm name** to `realm-b`.
1. Click **Create**.

Create a client for `realm-b`:

1. Make sure you're in the `realm-b` realm (check the top-left dropdown).
1. In the sidebar, open **Clients**, then click **Create client**.
1. Configure the client:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Section
    key: section
  - title: Settings
    key: settings
rows:
  - section: "**General settings**"
    settings: |
      * Client type: **OpenID Connect**
      * Client ID: `client-b`
  - section: "**Capability config**"
    settings: |
      * Toggle **Client authentication** to **on**

>       * Make sure that **Service accounts roles** is checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Select the **Service accounts roles** checkbox.
```
